hip-hop, 100 Kila
hip-hop, 100s
hip-hop, 12 Gauge
hip-hop, 2 Chainz
hip-hop, 2 Pistols
hip-hop, 2$ Fabo
hip-hop, 21 Savage
hip-hop, 2Mex
hip-hop, 360
hip-hop, 40 Glocc
hip-hop, 50 Cent
hip-hop, 6 Tre G
hip-hop, The 6th Letter
hip-hop, 9th Wonder
hip-hop, A+
hip-hop, A-Q
hip-hop, Arabian Prince
hip-hop, Ab-Soul
hip-hop, Abstract Rude
hip-hop, Ace Hood
hip-hop, Aceyalone
hip-hop, Action Bronson
hip-hop, Adam Saleh
hip-hop, Aesop Rock
hip-hop, Afrika Bambaataa
hip-hop, Afroman
hip-hop, Afu-Ra
hip-hop, Agallah
hip-hop, Ahmad
hip-hop, Ajs Nigrutin
hip-hop, Akala
hip-hop, Akinyele
hip-hop, Akir
hip-hop, Akon
hip-hop, The Alchemist
hip-hop, Ali Vegas
hip-hop, Amadeus
hip-hop, AMG
hip-hop, Amil
hip-hop, Ampichino
hip-hop, Anderson .Paak
hip-hop, Andr√© 3000
hip-hop, Andre Nickatina
hip-hop, Andy Mineo
hip-hop, Angel Haze
hip-hop, Angie Martinez
hip-hop, Ant
hip-hop, Ant Banks
hip-hop, Antoinette
hip-hop, Anybody Killa
hip-hop, Apache
hip-hop, Apathy
hip-hop, Arin Hanson
hip-hop, A$AP Ferg
hip-hop, A$AP Nast
hip-hop, A$AP Rocky
hip-hop, A$AP Yams
hip-hop, Asher Roth
hip-hop, Astronautalis
hip-hop, Awol One
hip-hop, Awkwafina
hip-hop, AZ
hip-hop, Azealia Banks
hip-hop, B-Legit
hip-hop, B-Real
hip-hop, B.G.
hip-hop, B.G. Knocc Out
hip-hop, B.o.B
hip-hop, Baby Bash
hip-hop, Baby Boy da Prince
hip-hop, Baby D
hip-hop, Bad Azz
hip-hop, Badshah
hip-hop, Baeza
hip-hop, Bahamadia
hip-hop, Bang Yong-guk
hip-hop, Bangladesh
hip-hop, Bas
hip-hop, Battlecat
hip-hop, Beanie Sigel
hip-hop, Becky G
hip-hop, Benny Blanco
hip-hop, Benzino
hip-hop, Big Boi
hip-hop, Big Daddy Kane
hip-hop, Big Ed
hip-hop, Big Gipp
hip-hop, Big Hawk
hip-hop, Big K.R.I.T.
hip-hop, Big Kuntry King
hip-hop, Big Lurch
hip-hop, Big L
hip-hop, Big Mello
hip-hop, Big Mike
hip-hop, Big Moe
hip-hop, Big Noyd
hip-hop, Big Pokey
hip-hop, Big Pooh
hip-hop, Big Pun
hip-hop, Big Reese
hip-hop, Big Scoob
hip-hop, Big Sean
hip-hop, Big Shug
hip-hop, Big Syke
hip-hop, Bigg D
hip-hop, Billy Woods
hip-hop, Birdman
hip-hop, Bishop Nehru
hip-hop, Biz Markie
hip-hop, Bizarre
hip-hop, Bizzy Bone
hip-hop, BJ the Chicago Kid
hip-hop, Black Milk
hip-hop, Black Rob
hip-hop, Black Thought
hip-hop, Blade Icewood
hip-hop, Blaq Poet
hip-hop, Blaze Ya Dead Homie
hip-hop, Blood Raw
hip-hop, Blu
hip-hop, Bobby Creekwater
hip-hop, Bobby Shmurda
hip-hop, Bohemia
hip-hop, Boi-1da
hip-hop, Boldy James
hip-hop, Bone Crusher
hip-hop, Booba
hip-hop, Boondox
hip-hop, Boosie Badazz
hip-hop, Boss
hip-hop, Bow Wow
hip-hop, Braille
hip-hop, Brandun DeShay
hip-hop, Brianna Perry
hip-hop, Brisco
hip-hop, Brotha Lynch Hung
hip-hop, Brother Ali
hip-hop, Bryson Tiller
hip-hop, Bubba Sparxxx
hip-hop, Buckshot
hip-hop, Buckwild
hip-hop, Bumpy Knuckles
hip-hop, Bun B
hip-hop, Busdriver
hip-hop, Bushwick Bill
hip-hop, Busta Rhymes
hip-hop, Busy Bee Starski
hip-hop, Butch Cassidy
hip-hop, C-Bo
hip-hop, C-Murder
hip-hop, C-Note
hip-hop, C-Rayz Walz
hip-hop, Cage
hip-hop, Cam'ron
hip-hop, Canibus
hip-hop, Capital Steez
hip-hop, Capone
hip-hop, Cappadonna
hip-hop, Casey Veggies
hip-hop, Cash Out
hip-hop, Cashis
hip-hop, Caskey
hip-hop, Casper Nyovest
hip-hop, Cassidy
hip-hop, Cazwell
hip-hop, CeeLo Green
hip-hop, Cellski
hip-hop, Celly Cel
hip-hop, Celph Titled
hip-hop, Cesar Comanche
hip-hop, Ceza
hip-hop, Chamillionaire
hip-hop, Chance the Rapper
hip-hop, Chanel West Coast
hip-hop, Channel 7
hip-hop, Charizma
hip-hop, Charles Hamilton
hip-hop, Charli Baltimore
hip-hop, Chevy Woods
hip-hop, Chi Ali
hip-hop, Chiddy Bang
hip-hop, Chief Keef
hip-hop, Childish Gambino
hip-hop, Chill Rob G
hip-hop, Chingy
hip-hop, Chino XL
hip-hop, Chinx
hip-hop, Chip
hip-hop, Choice
hip-hop, Choppa
hip-hop, Chris Brown
hip-hop, Chris Webby
hip-hop, Christopher Martin
hip-hop, Christopher Reid
hip-hop, Chubb Rock
hip-hop, CJ Fly
hip-hop, CL
hip-hop, CL Smooth
hip-hop, Classified
hip-hop, Clinton Sparks
hip-hop, Clyde Carson
hip-hop, Cold 187um
hip-hop, Common
hip-hop, Consequence
hip-hop, Cool Breeze
hip-hop, Cool C
hip-hop, Coolio
hip-hop, Copywrite
hip-hop, Cormega
hip-hop, Cory Gunz
hip-hop, Cordaro Stewart
hip-hop, Count Bass D
hip-hop, The Coup
hip-hop, Craig Mack
hip-hop, Crime Boss
hip-hop, Criminal Manne
hip-hop, Crooked I
hip-hop, Crucial Star
hip-hop, Currensy
hip-hop, Curtiss King
hip-hop, Cyhi the Prynce
hip-hop, D'Angelo
hip-hop, D'banj
hip-hop, D-Nice
hip-hop, D-Pryde
hip-hop, The D.O.C.
hip-hop, Da Brat
hip-hop, Da$h
hip-hop, Da'unda'dogg
hip-hop, Daddy-O
hip-hop, Damu the Fudgemunk
hip-hop, Dan Bull
hip-hop, Dana Dane
hip-hop, Danny Boy
hip-hop, Danny Brown
hip-hop, Dappy
hip-hop, Dave East
hip-hop, Daveed Diggs
hip-hop, David Banner
hip-hop, David Dallas
hip-hop, David Rush
hip-hop, David Stones
hip-hop, Daz Dillinger
hip-hop, Dazzie Dee
hip-hop, Dee Barnes
hip-hop, Def Jef
hip-hop, Dej Loaf
hip-hop, Del the Funky Homosapien
hip-hop, Demrick
hip-hop, Deniro Farrar
hip-hop, Denzel Curry
hip-hop, Derek Minor
hip-hop, Desiigner
hip-hop, Detail
hip-hop, Deuce
hip-hop, Dev
hip-hop, Devin the Dude
hip-hop, Devlin
hip-hop, Diabolic
hip-hop, Diamond
hip-hop, Diamond D
hip-hop, Diggy Simmons
hip-hop, Dillon Cooper
hip-hop, Disco D
hip-hop, Disco King Mario
hip-hop, Dizzee Rascal
hip-hop, Dizzy Wright
hip-hop, DJ Cash Money
hip-hop, DJ Casper
hip-hop, DJ Clay
hip-hop, DJ Clue?
hip-hop, DJ Drama
hip-hop, DJ Felli Fel
hip-hop, DJ Flash
hip-hop, DJ Fuze
hip-hop, DJ Green Lantern
hip-hop, DJ Head
hip-hop, DJ Hurricane
hip-hop, DJ Kay Slay
hip-hop, DJ Khaled
hip-hop, DJ Krush
hip-hop, DJ Mustard
hip-hop, DJ Paul
hip-hop, DJ Pooh
hip-hop, DJ Premier
hip-hop, DJ Quik
hip-hop, DJ Screw
hip-hop, DJ Shadow
hip-hop, DJ Yella
hip-hop, DMX
hip-hop, Doap Nixon
hip-hop, Doe B
hip-hop, Dok2
hip-hop, Dolla
hip-hop, Dom Kennedy
hip-hop, Dominique Young Unique
hip-hop, Domino
hip-hop, Domo Genesis
hip-hop, Don Cannon
hip-hop, Donnis
hip-hop, Dorrough
hip-hop, Doseone
hip-hop, Doug E. Fresh
hip-hop, Doughbeezy
hip-hop, Dr. Dre
hip-hop, Drag-On
hip-hop, Drake
hip-hop, Dres
hip-hop, Dresta
hip-hop, Drew Deezy
hip-hop, Driicky Graham
hip-hop, Droop-E
hip-hop, Dru Down
hip-hop, Drumma Boy
hip-hop, Dumbfoundead
hip-hop, Duncan Mighty
hip-hop, E-40
hip-hop, E.D.I. Mean
hip-hop, E.S.G.
hip-hop, Earl Sweatshirt
hip-hop, Easy Mo Bee
hip-hop, Eazy-E
hip-hop, Ed O.G.
hip-hop, Edo Maajka
hip-hop, El Da Sensei
hip-hop, El-P
hip-hop, Elephant Man
hip-hop, Elzhi
hip-hop, Emcee N.I.C.E.
hip-hop, Eminem
hip-hop, Eric Biddines
hip-hop, Erick Sermon
hip-hop, Eric Stanley
hip-hop, Esham
hip-hop, Esoteric
hip-hop, Eve
hip-hop, Evidence
hip-hop, Eyedea
hip-hop, Fabolous
hip-hop, Fabri Fibra
hip-hop, Fam-Lay
hip-hop, Fashawn
hip-hop, Fat Joe
hip-hop, Fat Pat
hip-hop, Fat Trel
hip-hop, Fatboi
hip-hop, Father MC
hip-hop, Fatman Scoop
hip-hop, Fergie
hip-hop, Fetty Wap
hip-hop, Fiend
hip-hop, FLAME
hip-hop, Flavor Flav
hip-hop, Flavour N'abania
hip-hop, Flo Rida
hip-hop, Flying Lotus
hip-hop, Focus...
hip-hop, Fonzworth Bentley
hip-hop, Fort Minor
hip-hop, Foxx
hip-hop, Foxy Brown
hip-hop, Frank Ocean
hip-hop, Frankie J
hip-hop, Frayser Boy
hip-hop, Freak Nasty
hip-hop, Freaky Tah
hip-hop, Freddie Foxxx
hip-hop, Freddie Gibbs
hip-hop, Fredo Santana
hip-hop, Fredro Starr
hip-hop, Fredwreck
hip-hop, Free
hip-hop, Freekey Zekey
hip-hop, Freeway
hip-hop, French Montana
hip-hop, Frenkie
hip-hop, Fresh Kid Ice
hip-hop, Froggy Fresh
hip-hop, Frost
hip-hop, Full Blooded
hip-hop, Funkmaster Flex
hip-hop, Future
hip-hop, G-Dragon
hip-hop, G-Eazy
hip-hop, G. Dep
hip-hop, Gaeko
hip-hop, The Game
hip-hop, Gangsta Blac
hip-hop, Gangsta Boo
hip-hop, Ganksta N-I-P
hip-hop, Gary
hip-hop, General Woo
hip-hop, Ghostface Killah
hip-hop, Giggs
hip-hop, Gilbere Forte
hip-hop, Glasses Malone
hip-hop, GLC
hip-hop, Goldie Loc
hip-hop, Gorilla Zoe
hip-hop, Grafh
hip-hop, Grand Puba
hip-hop, Grandmaster Caz
hip-hop, Grandmaster Flash
hip-hop, Greydon Square
hip-hop, Grieves
hip-hop, Gucci Mane
hip-hop, Gudda Gudda
hip-hop, Guerilla Black
hip-hop, Guilty Simpson
hip-hop, Gunplay
hip-hop, Guru
hip-hop, GZA
hip-hop, Half a Mill
hip-hop, Hard Kaur
hip-hop, Hasan Salaam
hip-hop, Havoc
hip-hop, Heavy D
hip-hop, Hemlock Ernst
hip-hop, Hi-C
hip-hop, Hi-Tek
hip-hop, Hit-Boy
hip-hop, Hittman
hip-hop, Hodgy Beats
hip-hop, Honey Cocaine
hip-hop, Hoodie Allen
hip-hop, Hopsin
hip-hop, Hot Dollar
hip-hop, Huey
hip-hop, Hurricane Chris
hip-hop, Hurricane G
hip-hop, Hush
hip-hop, Hussein Fatal
hip-hop, I-20
hip-hop, Iamsu!
hip-hop, Ice Cube
hip-hop, Ice-T
hip-hop, Iggy Azalea
hip-hop, IHeartMemphis
hip-hop, Ill Bill
hip-hop, Illmind
hip-hop, ILoveMakonnen
hip-hop, Immortal Technique
hip-hop, Imran Khan
hip-hop, Indo G
hip-hop, Inspectah Deck
hip-hop, Isaiah Rashad
hip-hop, Iyanya
hip-hop, Iyaz
hip-hop, J Dilla
hip-hop, J-Diggs
hip-hop, J-Kwon
hip-hop, J-Son
hip-hop, J. Cole
hip-hop, J. Stalin
hip-hop, J. Valentine
hip-hop, J.Gray
hip-hop, J.R. Rotem
hip-hop, J.R. Writer
hip-hop, Ja Rule
hip-hop, Jack Parow
hip-hop, The Jacka
hip-hop, Jackie Hill-Perry
hip-hop, Jadakiss
hip-hop, Jaden Smith
hip-hop, Jae Millz
hip-hop, Jahlil Beats
hip-hop, Jake Miller
hip-hop, Jake One
hip-hop, Jam Master Jay
hip-hop, Jamal
hip-hop, Jamal Woolard
hip-hop, Jamie Foxx
hip-hop, Jarren Benton
hip-hop, Jay Burna
hip-hop, Jay Electronica
hip-hop, Jay Park
hip-hop, Jay Rock
hip-hop, Jay Z
hip-hop, Jayo Felony
hip-hop, Jaz-O
hip-hop, Jazze Pha
hip-hop, Jean Grae
hip-hop, Jeremiah Jae
hip-hop, Jeremih
hip-hop, Jermaine Dupri
hip-hop, Jeru the Damaja
hip-hop, Jewell
hip-hop, Jibbs
hip-hop, Jim Jones
hip-hop, Jim Jonsin
hip-hop, Jipsta
hip-hop, Jme
hip-hop, Joe Budden
hip-hop, Joell Ortiz
hip-hop, Joey Badass
hip-hop, John Cena
hip-hop, Johnny "J"
hip-hop, Johnt√° Austin
hip-hop, Jon Connor
hip-hop, JT Money
hip-hop, JT the Bigga Figga
hip-hop, Juelz Santana
hip-hop, Juice (ƒêus)
hip-hop, Juicy J
hip-hop, Junhyung
hip-hop, Jus Allah
hip-hop, Just Ice
hip-hop, Juvenile
hip-hop, K Camp
hip-hop, K'naan
hip-hop, K-Dee
hip-hop, K-OS
hip-hop, K-Solo
hip-hop, K.E. on the Track
hip-hop, K7
hip-hop, Kafani
hip-hop, Kam
hip-hop, Kangol Kid
hip-hop, Kanye West
hip-hop, Kap G
hip-hop, Kardinal Offishall
hip-hop, Kastro
hip-hop, Kat Dahlia
hip-hop, Katie Got Bandz
hip-hop, KB
hip-hop, Keak da Sneak
hip-hop, Keith Murray
hip-hop, Malcolm David Kelley
hip-hop, Kendrick Lamar
hip-hop, Kerser
hip-hop, Kevin Gates
hip-hop, Kevin McCall
hip-hop, Khia
hip-hop, Khleo
hip-hop, Kia Shine
hip-hop, Kid Capri
hip-hop, Kid Cudi
hip-hop, Kid Frost
hip-hop, Kid Ink
hip-hop, Kid Rock
hip-hop, Kid Sister
hip-hop, Kidd Kidd
hip-hop, Killah Priest
hip-hop, Killer Mike
hip-hop, Kilo Ali
hip-hop, King Chip
hip-hop, King Gordy
hip-hop, King L
hip-hop, King Tee
hip-hop, Kirk Knight
hip-hop, Kirko Bangz
hip-hop, Kitty
hip-hop, KJ-52
hip-hop, Knero
hip-hop, Knoc-turn'al
hip-hop, KO
hip-hop, Kodak Black
hip-hop, Kokane
hip-hop, Kool A.D
hip-hop, Kool G Rap
hip-hop, Kool Keith
hip-hop, Kool Moe Dee
hip-hop, Koolade
hip-hop, Krayzie Bone
hip-hop, Kreayshawn
hip-hop, Krizz Kaliko
hip-hop, KRS-One
hip-hop, Kung Fu Vampire
hip-hop, Kurious
hip-hop, Kurtis Blow
hip-hop, Kurupt
hip-hop, Kutt Calhoun
hip-hop, Kwam√©
hip-hop, L.T. Hutton
hip-hop, La Chat
hip-hop, La the Darkman
hip-hop, Lady Luck
hip-hop, The Lady of Rage
hip-hop, Lakey The Kid
hip-hop, Lakim Shabazz
hip-hop, Lakutis
hip-hop, Large Professor
hip-hop, Laroo T.H.H.
hip-hop, Lauryn Hill
hip-hop, Lazarus
hip-hop, LE
hip-hop, Lecrae
hip-hop, Left Brain
hip-hop, Lex Luger
hip-hop, Lil Bibby
hip-hop, Lil B
hip-hop, Lil Debbie
hip-hop, Lil Dicky
hip-hop, Lil Durk
hip-hop, Lil Eazy-E
hip-hop, Lil Herb
hip-hop, Lil Jon
hip-hop, Lil Mama
hip-hop, Lil Phat
hip-hop, Lil Reese
hip-hop, Lil Ric
hip-hop, Lil Ru
hip-hop, Lil Scrappy
hip-hop, Lil Twist
hip-hop, Lil Uzi Vert
hip-hop, Lil Wayne
hip-hop, Lil Wyte
hip-hop, Lil Yachty
hip-hop, Lil Zane
hip-hop, Lil' Cease
hip-hop, Lil' Fizz
hip-hop, Lil' Flip
hip-hop, Lil' Keke
hip-hop, Lil' Kim
hip-hop, Lil' O
hip-hop, Lil' Ronnie
hip-hop, Lil' Troy
hip-hop, Lil' Wil
hip-hop, Lin Que
hip-hop, Lisa Lopes
hip-hop, LL Cool J
hip-hop, Lloyd Banks
hip-hop, Locksmith
hip-hop, Logic
hip-hop, LoLa Monroe
hip-hop, Loon
hip-hop, Lord Finesse
hip-hop, Lord Have Mercy
hip-hop, Lord Infamous
hip-hop, Lord Jamar
hip-hop, Los
hip-hop, Louis Logic
hip-hop, Lovebug Starski
hip-hop, LoveRance
hip-hop, Lowkey
hip-hop, LRoc
hip-hop, Ludacris
hip-hop, Luis Resto
hip-hop, Luni Coleone
hip-hop, Lupe Fiasco
hip-hop, Luther Campbell
hip-hop, M Trill
hip-hop, M-1
hip-hop, M.I.A.
hip-hop, Mac
hip-hop, Mac Dre
hip-hop, Mac Lethal
hip-hop, Mac Mall
hip-hop, Mac Miller
hip-hop, Mac Minister
hip-hop, Machine Gun Kelly
hip-hop, Mack 10
hip-hop, Mack Maine
hip-hop, Macklemore
hip-hop, Mad Lion
hip-hop, Madchild
hip-hop, Madlib
hip-hop, Maejor Ali
hip-hop, Magic
hip-hop, Magnolia Shorty
hip-hop, Maino
hip-hop, Mann
hip-hop, Mannie Fresh
hip-hop, Marƒçelo
hip-hop, Mark Battles
hip-hop, Marley Marl
hip-hop, Marvaless
hip-hop, Marz
hip-hop, Mase
hip-hop, Masspike Miles
hip-hop, Masta Ace
hip-hop, Masta Killa
hip-hop, Master P
hip-hop, Master Shortie
hip-hop, Matt Toka
hip-hop, Max B
hip-hop, MC Breed
hip-hop, MC Eiht
hip-hop, MC Frontalot
hip-hop, MC Hammer
hip-hop, MC Jin
hip-hop, MC Lyte
hip-hop, MC Mong
hip-hop, MC Pressure
hip-hop, MC Ren
hip-hop, MC Serch
hip-hop, MC Shan
hip-hop, MC Solaar
hip-hop, MC Trouble
hip-hop, MC Tunes
hip-hop, Meek Mill
hip-hop, Melle Mel
hip-hop, Mellow Man Ace
hip-hop, Memphis Bleek
hip-hop, Messy Marv
hip-hop, Method Man
hip-hop, Metro Boomin
hip-hop, MF Doom
hip-hop, MF Grimm
hip-hop, Mia X
hip-hop, Mic Geronimo
hip-hop, Mick Jenkins
hip-hop, Mickey Factz
hip-hop, Mike Dean
hip-hop, Mike G
hip-hop, Mike Jones
hip-hop, Mike Posner
hip-hop, Mike Shinoda
hip-hop, Mike Stud
hip-hop, Mike Will Made It
hip-hop, Mike Zombie
hip-hop, Milo
hip-hop, Mims
hip-hop, Mino
hip-hop, Miryo
hip-hop, Missy Elliott
hip-hop, Mista Grimm
hip-hop, Mistah F.A.B.
hip-hop, Mister Cee
hip-hop, Mitchy Slick
hip-hop, Mo B. Dick
hip-hop, Money-B
hip-hop, Monie Love
hip-hop, Mopreme Shakur
hip-hop, Mos Def
hip-hop, Mr. Capone-E
hip-hop, Mr. Cheeks
hip-hop, Mr. Collipark
hip-hop, Mr. Criminal
hip-hop, Mr. Lif
hip-hop, Mr. Muthafuckin' eXquire
hip-hop, Mr. Porter
hip-hop, Mr. Serv-On
hip-hop, Mr. Short Khop
hip-hop, Ms. Jade
hip-hop, Murphy Lee
hip-hop, Murs
hip-hop, Mystikal
hip-hop, Myzery
hip-hop, N.O. Joe
hip-hop, N.O.R.E.
hip-hop, Napoleon
hip-hop, Nas
hip-hop, Nate Dogg
hip-hop, Nature
hip-hop, Nawawe
hip-hop, Necro
hip-hop, Needlz
hip-hop, Nelly
hip-hop, NF
hip-hop, Nick Cannon
hip-hop, Nicki Minaj
hip-hop, Nicky da B
hip-hop, Nicole Wray
hip-hop, Nikki D
hip-hop, Nipsey Hussle
hip-hop, Nitty
hip-hop, Nitty Scott MC
hip-hop, No Malice
hip-hop, Noah "40" Shebib
hip-hop, Noname
hip-hop, Nonchalant
hip-hop, The Notorious B.I.G.
hip-hop, Nottz
hip-hop, Nujabes
hip-hop, Nump
hip-hop, Numskull
hip-hop, Nyck Caution
hip-hop, Nyzzy Nyce
hip-hop, Obie Trice
hip-hop, Oddisee
hip-hop, OG Maco
hip-hop, Oh No
hip-hop, OJ da Juiceman
hip-hop, Ol' Dirty Bastard
hip-hop, Olamide
hip-hop, Olivia
hip-hop, Omarion
hip-hop, Omega Red
hip-hop, Omillio Sparks
hip-hop, Oneya
hip-hop, Open Mike Eagle
hip-hop, Osman saif eddin
hip-hop, P. Reign
hip-hop, P.C.T
hip-hop, Papa Reu
hip-hop, Papoose
hip-hop, Paris
hip-hop, Pastor Troy
hip-hop, Paul Wall
hip-hop, Peedi Peedi
hip-hop, Peewee Longway
hip-hop, Percee P
hip-hop, Petey Pablo
hip-hop, Pharoahe Monch
hip-hop, Pharrell Williams
hip-hop, Phat Kat
hip-hop, Phife Dawg
hip-hop, Philthy Rich
hip-hop, Phyno
hip-hop, Pill
hip-hop, Pimp C
hip-hop, Pitbull
hip-hop, Planet Asia
hip-hop, Planetary
hip-hop, Plies
hip-hop, PNC
hip-hop, Porta
hip-hop, Positive K
hip-hop, Post Malone
hip-hop, Pras
hip-hop, Prince Ital Joe
hip-hop, Prince Paul
hip-hop, Prince Po
hip-hop, Problem
hip-hop, Prodigy
hip-hop, Professor Green
hip-hop, Project Pat
hip-hop, Proof
hip-hop, Prozak
hip-hop, Psy
hip-hop, Pusha T
hip-hop, Q-Tip
hip-hop, Quan
hip-hop, Quazedelic
hip-hop, Queen Latifah
hip-hop, Queen Pen
hip-hop, The Quiett
hip-hop, Quincy Jones III
hip-hop, Qwazaar
hip-hop, Qwel
hip-hop, R.A. the Rugged Man
hip-hop, Raekwon
hip-hop, Rah Digga
hip-hop, Rahzel
hip-hop, Rakim
hip-hop, Rampage
hip-hop, Ramriddlz
hip-hop, Rap Monster
hip-hop, Rappin' 4-Tay
hip-hop, Rapsody
hip-hop, Ras Kass
hip-hop, Rasheeda
hip-hop, Ray Cash
hip-hop, Ray J
hip-hop, Ray Luv
hip-hop, Raz Fresco
hip-hop, RBX
hip-hop, The Real Roxanne
hip-hop, Really Doe
hip-hop, Red Caf√©
hip-hop, Red Spyda
hip-hop, Redfoo
hip-hop, Redman
hip-hop, Reef the Lost Cauze
hip-hop, Reema Major
hip-hop, Reks
hip-hop, Remy Ma
hip-hop, Rhymefest
hip-hop, Rich Boy
hip-hop, Rich Homie Quan
hip-hop, Rich The Kid
hip-hop, Richie Rich
hip-hop, Rick Rock
hip-hop, Rick Ross
hip-hop, Rico Love
hip-hop, Riff Raff
hip-hop, Rittz
hip-hop, RJD2
hip-hop, Rob Sonic
hip-hop, Roc Marciano
hip-hop, Rockie Fresh
hip-hop, Rocko
hip-hop, Roger Troutman
hip-hop, Romeo Miller
hip-hop, Ronnie Radke
hip-hop, Roots Manuva
hip-hop, Roscoe
hip-hop, Roscoe Dash
hip-hop, Rowdy Rebel
hip-hop, Roxanne Shant√©
hip-hop, Royce da 5'9"
hip-hop, Rucka Rucka Ali
hip-hop, Rydah J. Klyde
hip-hop, Rye Rye
hip-hop, RZA
hip-hop, ≈†kabo
hip-hop, Saafir
hip-hop, Sabac Red
hip-hop, Sacario
hip-hop, Sadat X
hip-hop, Sadistik
hip-hop, Sage Francis
hip-hop, Sage the Gemini
hip-hop, Saigon
hip-hop, Sam Sneed
hip-hop, Sammy Adams
hip-hop, San E
hip-hop, San Quinn
hip-hop, Sarkodie
hip-hop, Sauce Money
hip-hop, Savage
hip-hop, Scarface
hip-hop, Schoolboy Q
hip-hop, Schoolly D
hip-hop, Scott Storch
hip-hop, Scotty
hip-hop, Scram Jones
hip-hop, Scribe
hip-hop, Scrilla
hip-hop, Scrufizzer
hip-hop, SD
hip-hop, Sean Combs
hip-hop, Sean Price
hip-hop, Sean T
hip-hop, Serius Jones
hip-hop, Sev Statik
hip-hop, Sha Money XL
hip-hop, Shabazz the Disciple
hip-hop, Shad
hip-hop, Shade Sheist
hip-hop, Shady Nate
hip-hop, Shaggy 2 Dope
hip-hop, Shaquille O'Neal
hip-hop, Shawnna
hip-hop, Shawty Lo
hip-hop, Sheek Louch
hip-hop, Shing02
hip-hop, Sho Baraka
hip-hop, Shock G
hip-hop, Shorty
hip-hop, Shorty Mack
hip-hop, Shwayze
hip-hop, Shy Glizzy
hip-hop, Shyheim
hip-hop, Shyne
hip-hop, Silent√≥
hip-hop, Silkk the Shocker
hip-hop, Simon D
hip-hop, Sir Jinx
hip-hop, Sir Mix-a-Lot
hip-hop, Skee-Lo
hip-hop, Skeme
hip-hop, Skinnyman
hip-hop, Skyzoo
hip-hop, SL Jones
hip-hop, Sleepy Brown
hip-hop, Slick Pulla
hip-hop, Slick Rick
hip-hop, Slim Burna
hip-hop, Slim Thug
hip-hop, Slug
hip-hop, Smitty
hip-hop, Smoke DZA
hip-hop, Smooth
hip-hop, Smoothe da Hustler
hip-hop, Snoop Dogg
hip-hop, Snootie Wild
hip-hop, Snow Tha Product
hip-hop, Soce the elemental wizard
hip-hop, Sole
hip-hop, Solzilla
hip-hop, Sonny Digital
hip-hop, Sonsee
hip-hop, Soopafly
hip-hop, Soulja Boy
hip-hop, Soulja Slim
hip-hop, South Park Mexican
hip-hop, Southside
hip-hop, SpaceGhostPurrp
hip-hop, Special Ed
hip-hop, Spice 1
hip-hop, Spider Loc
hip-hop, Spoonie Gee
hip-hop, Spose
hip-hop, Spot
hip-hop, Stalley
hip-hop, Starlito
hip-hop, Stat Quo
hip-hop, Static Major
hip-hop, Statik Selektah
hip-hop, Steady B
hip-hop, Stevie Joe
hip-hop, Stevie Stone
hip-hop, Stezo
hip-hop, Sticky Fingaz
hip-hop, Stoka
hip-hop, Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind
hip-hop, Stretch
hip-hop, Styles P
hip-hop, Substantial
hip-hop, Suga Free
hip-hop, Suffa
hip-hop, Swagg Man
hip-hop, Sweet Tee
hip-hop, Swizz Beatz
hip-hop, SwizZz
hip-hop, Syd Tha Kyd
hip-hop, SZA
hip-hop, T La Rock
hip-hop, T-Bone
hip-hop, T-Nutty
hip-hop, T-Pain
hip-hop, T-Wayne
hip-hop, T. Mills
hip-hop, T.I.
hip-hop, T.O.P
hip-hop, Tabi Bonney
hip-hop, Tablo
hip-hop, Taio Cruz
hip-hop, Talib Kweli
hip-hop, Target
hip-hop, Tay Dizm
hip-hop, TD Cruze
hip-hop, Teairra Mar√≠
hip-hop, Tech N9ne
hip-hop, Tedashii
hip-hop, TeeFlii
hip-hop, Tekitha
hip-hop, Tela
hip-hop, Termanology
hip-hop, Terrace Martin
hip-hop, Teyana Taylor
hip-hop, Tha Chill
hip-hop, Tha City Paper
hip-hop, Tha Trademarc
hip-hop, The-Dream
hip-hop, Theophilus London
hip-hop, Tiffany Foxx
hip-hop, Tim Dog
hip-hop, Timaya
hip-hop, Timbaland
hip-hop, Timbe
hip-hop, Tinie Tempah
hip-hop, Tink (musician)
hip-hop, Tone L≈çc
hip-hop, Tone Trump
hip-hop, Tonedeff
hip-hop, Toni Blackman
hip-hop, Tony Yayo
hip-hop, Too Short
hip-hop, Torch (American)
hip-hop, Torch (German)
hip-hop, Tory Lanez
hip-hop, Tracey Lee
hip-hop, Trae tha Truth
hip-hop, Tragedy Khadafi
hip-hop, Travis Scott
hip-hop, Traxamillion
hip-hop, Tray Deee
hip-hop, Tre-8
hip-hop, Treach
hip-hop, Trey Songz
hip-hop, Trick Daddy
hip-hop, Trick-Trick
hip-hop, Trina
hip-hop, Trinidad James
hip-hop, Trip Lee
hip-hop, Tristan Wilds
hip-hop, Troy Ave
hip-hop, Tupac Shakur
hip-hop, Turf Talk
hip-hop, Turk
hip-hop, Tweedy Bird Loc
hip-hop, Twista
hip-hop, Twisted Insane
hip-hop, Ty Dolla Sign
hip-hop, Tyga
hip-hop, Tyler Joseph
hip-hop, Tyler The Creator
hip-hop, Tyra Bolling
hip-hop, U-God
hip-hop, Uncle Murda
hip-hop, Unk
hip-hop, V-Nasty
hip-hop, V.I.C.
hip-hop, Vado
hip-hop, Vakill
hip-hop, Val Young
hip-hop, Valete
hip-hop, Vanilla Ice
hip-hop, Vast Aire
hip-hop, Verbal Jint
hip-hop, Verse Simmonds
hip-hop, Vic Mensa
hip-hop, Vince Staples
hip-hop, Vinnie Paz
hip-hop, Violent J
hip-hop, VL Mike
hip-hop, Waka Flocka Flame
hip-hop, Wale
hip-hop, Warren G
hip-hop, Warryn Campbell
hip-hop, Watsky
hip-hop, Wax (rapper)
hip-hop, WC
hip-hop, Webbie
hip-hop, Westside Gunn
hip-hop, Wikluh Sky
hip-hop, Will Smith
hip-hop, will.i.am
hip-hop, Willie D
hip-hop, Willie the Kid
hip-hop, Willow Smith
hip-hop, Willy Northpole
hip-hop, Wish Bone
hip-hop, Witchdoctor
hip-hop, Wiz Khalifa
hip-hop, Wizkid
hip-hop, Wrekonize
hip-hop, Wyclef Jean
hip-hop, X-Raided
hip-hop, XV
hip-hop, Xzibit
hip-hop, Ya Boy
hip-hop, Yaki Kadafi
hip-hop, Yazz The Greatest
hip-hop, YC
hip-hop, Yelawolf
hip-hop, YG
hip-hop, Yo Gotti
hip-hop, Yo Yo Honey Singh
hip-hop, Yoon Mi-rae
hip-hop, Young Bleed
hip-hop, Young Buck
hip-hop, Young Chop
hip-hop, Young Chris
hip-hop, Young Dre the Truth
hip-hop, Young Dro
hip-hop, Young Jeezy
hip-hop, Young Maylay
hip-hop, Young MC
hip-hop, Young Noble
hip-hop, Young Scooter
hip-hop, Young Thug
hip-hop, Your Old Droog
hip-hop, Yubin
hip-hop, Yukmouth
hip-hop, Yung Berg
hip-hop, Yung Joc
hip-hop, Yung L.A.
hip-hop, Yung Lean
hip-hop, Yung Wun
hip-hop, Yung6ix
hip-hop, YZ
hip-hop, Z-Ro
hip-hop, Zaytoven
hip-hop, Zebra Katz
hip-hop, Zico
hip-hop, 11/5
hip-hop, 112
hip-hop, 116 Clique
hip-hop, 1200 Techniques
hip-hop, 2 In A Room
hip-hop, 2 Live Crew
hip-hop, 2 Skinnee J's
hip-hop, 213
hip-hop, 2nd II None
hip-hop, 2XL
hip-hop, 3rd Bass
hip-hop, 3X Krazy
hip-hop, 415
hip-hop, 43zla
hip-hop, 4th Avenue Jones
hip-hop, 504 Boyz
hip-hop, 5th Ward Boyz
hip-hop, 5th Ward Juvenilez
hip-hop, 615
hip-hop, 69 Boyz
hip-hop, 7 Notas 7 Colores
hip-hop, 7L and Esoteric
hip-hop, 808 Mafia
hip-hop, 8Ball & MJG
hip-hop, 95 South
hip-hop, 99 Posse
hip-hop, Above the Law
hip-hop, Achozen
hip-hop, Advanced Chemistry
hip-hop, Afro-Rican
hip-hop, Ali & Gipp
hip-hop, Allfrumtha I
hip-hop, The Almighty RSO
hip-hop, Analog Brothers
hip-hop, Another Bad Creation
hip-hop, Anticon
hip-hop, Antipop Consortium
hip-hop, Army of the Pharaohs
hip-hop, Arrested Development
hip-hop, Arsonists
hip-hop, Articolo 31
hip-hop, Artifacts
hip-hop, ASAP Mob
hip-hop, Assassin
hip-hop, Atmosphere
hip-hop, Audio Push
hip-hop, Audio Two
hip-hop, B-Rock and the Bizz
hip-hop, B.A.P
hip-hop, Bankroll Mafia
hip-hop, Bangtan Boys
hip-hop, B.O.N.E. Enterpri$e
hip-hop, B.U.G. Mafia
hip-hop, Bad Copy
hip-hop, Bad Meets Evil
hip-hop, Basehead
hip-hop, Beastie Boys
hip-hop, The Beat Bullies
hip-hop, Beat Junkies
hip-hop, Beatnuts
hip-hop, Beginner
hip-hop, Bell Biv DeVoe
hip-hop, Beogradski Sindikat
hip-hop, Big Bang
hip-hop, Big Brovaz
hip-hop, Big Tymers
hip-hop, Binary Star
hip-hop, Blac Monks
hip-hop, Black 47
hip-hop, Black Alien & Speed
hip-hop, The Black Eyed Peas
hip-hop, Black Hippy
hip-hop, Black Market Militia
hip-hop, Black Moon
hip-hop, Black Noise
hip-hop, Black Sheep
hip-hop, Black Star
hip-hop, Blackalicious
hip-hop, Blahzay Blahzay
hip-hop, Blazin' Squad
hip-hop, Bliss n Eso
hip-hop, Blood of Abraham
hip-hop, Bloods & Crips
hip-hop, Blue Scholars
hip-hop, Body Head Bangerz
hip-hop, The Bomb Squad
hip-hop, Bomfunk MC's
hip-hop, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
hip-hop, Boo & Gotti
hip-hop, Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E.
hip-hop, Boogie Boys
hip-hop, Boogie Down Productions
hip-hop, Boot Camp Clik
hip-hop, Boss Hogg Outlawz
hip-hop, Botany Boyz
hip-hop, Boyz n da Hood
hip-hop, Brand Nubian
hip-hop, BrassMunk
hip-hop, The Bravehearts
hip-hop, BS 2000
hip-hop, C.I.A.
hip-hop, Cali Swag District
hip-hop, Camp Lo
hip-hop, Cannibal Ox
hip-hop, Capital Punishment Organization
hip-hop, Capone-N-Noreaga
hip-hop, Cartel
hip-hop, Cartel de Santa
hip-hop, Carvin & Ivan
hip-hop, Cash Money Millionaires
hip-hop, The Cataracs
hip-hop, Ces Cru
hip-hop, Channel Live
hip-hop, Children of the Corn
hip-hop, Chopper City Boyz
hip-hop, City High
hip-hop, The Click
hip-hop, clipping.
hip-hop, Clipse
hip-hop, La Cliqua
hip-hop, cLOUDDEAD
hip-hop, Club Dogo
hip-hop, Cocoa Brovaz
hip-hop, The Cold Crush Brothers
hip-hop, Collapsed Lung
hip-hop, Commodore 64
hip-hop, Company Flow
hip-hop, Compton's Most Wanted
hip-hop, The Conscious Daughters
hip-hop, Control Machete
hip-hop, Cool & Dre
hip-hop, The Cool Kids
hip-hop, The Coup
hip-hop, Crime Mob
hip-hop, Crooked Stilo
hip-hop, Crooklyn Dodgers
hip-hop, The Cross Movement
hip-hop, Crown City Rockers
hip-hop, Cru
hip-hop, Crucial Conflict
hip-hop, Cunninlynguists
hip-hop, Custom Made
hip-hop, CYNE
hip-hop, Cypress Hill
hip-hop, D.I.T.C.
hip-hop, D12
hip-hop, D4L
hip-hop, Da BackWudz
hip-hop, Da Band
hip-hop, Da Beatminerz
hip-hop, Da Bush Babees
hip-hop, Da Lench Mob
hip-hop, Da Youngsta's
hip-hop, Damu Ridas
hip-hop, Dangerdoom
hip-hop, The Dangerous Crew
hip-hop, Dark Lotus
hip-hop, Das EFX
hip-hop, Das Racist
hip-hop, Dc Talk
hip-hop, De La Soul
hip-hop, Dead Celebrity Status
hip-hop, Dead Prez
hip-hop, Deadly Venoms
hip-hop, Death Grips
hip-hop, Deceptikonz
hip-hop, Deep Puddle Dynamics
hip-hop, Deepspace5
hip-hop, Def Con Dos
hip-hop, Def Squad
hip-hop, Delinquent Habits
hip-hop, The Delinquents
hip-hop, Deltron 3030
hip-hop, Dem Franchize Boyz
hip-hop, The Demigodz
hip-hop, Demon Boyz
hip-hop, DFC
hip-hop, Diddy ‚Äì Dirty Money
hip-hop, Die Antwoord
hip-hop, Die Fantastischen Vier
hip-hop, Digable Planets
hip-hop, Digital Underground
hip-hop, Diggin' in the Crates Crew
hip-hop, Dilated Peoples
hip-hop, The Diplomats
hip-hop, Dis-n-Dat
hip-hop, Disciplinska komisija
hip-hop, The Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy
hip-hop, DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince
hip-hop, Do or Die
hip-hop, Tha Dogg Pound
hip-hop, Doggy's Angels
hip-hop, The Doppelgangaz
hip-hop, Double Dee and Steinski
hip-hop, The Dove Shack
hip-hop, Downtown Science
hip-hop, Dragon Ash
hip-hop, Dragon Fli Empire
hip-hop, Dream Warriors
hip-hop, Drunken Tiger
hip-hop, Dubb Union
hip-hop, Dubmatique
hip-hop, Dynamic Duo
hip-hop, Earatik Statik
hip-hop, Tha Eastsidaz
hip-hop, Eightball & MJG
hip-hop, Elitni Odredi
hip-hop, EPMD
hip-hop, Eric B. & Rakim
hip-hop, Eyedea & Abilities
hip-hop, The Fab 5
hip-hop, Facemob
hip-hop, La Familia
hip-hop, Fannypack
hip-hop, Far East Movement
hip-hop, Farm Fresh
hip-hop, Fast Crew
hip-hop, Fast Life Yungstaz
hip-hop, The Fat Boys
hip-hop, The Fearless Four
hip-hop, Federal Moguls
hip-hop, The Federation
hip-hop, Fettes Brot
hip-hop, Field Mob
hip-hop, Fila Fresh Crew
hip-hop, Fingathing
hip-hop, Fintelligens
hip-hop, The Firm
hip-hop, First Words
hip-hop, Fischmob
hip-hop, Flatbush Zombies
hip-hop, Flavor Unit
hip-hop, Flipmode Squad
hip-hop, Flipsyde
hip-hop, Flobots
hip-hop, Floetry
hip-hop, Foesum
hip-hop, Fonky Family
hip-hop, The Force M.D.s
hip-hop, Foreign Exchange
hip-hop, La Fossa
hip-hop, Frank n Dank
hip-hop, Freestyle Fellowship
hip-hop, Freundeskreis
hip-hop, The Frontline
hip-hop, Fu-Schnickens
hip-hop, The Fugees
hip-hop, Full Force
hip-hop, Funky Four Plus One
hip-hop, Funky Fresh Few
hip-hop, Furious Five
hip-hop, The Futuristiks
hip-hop, G-Unit
hip-hop, Gambino Family
hip-hop, Gang Starr
hip-hop, Gangrene
hip-hop, Gangstagrass
hip-hop, Get Busy Committee
hip-hop, Geto Boys
hip-hop, Ghetto Commission
hip-hop, Ghetto Concept
hip-hop, Ghetto Mafia
hip-hop, Ghetto Twiinz
hip-hop, The Ghost Town DJs
hip-hop, Giant Panda
hip-hop, Git Fresh
hip-hop, Gipsy.cz
hip-hop, The Goats
hip-hop, The Godfathers
hip-hop, Goldie Lookin' Chain
hip-hop, Goodie Mob
hip-hop, Goon Sqwad
hip-hop, Gorillaz[citation needed]
hip-hop, Gospel Gangstaz
hip-hop, Group Home
hip-hop, Gr√∂√ªp X
hip-hop, Grand Analog
hip-hop, Grand Buffet
hip-hop, Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five
hip-hop, Grandwizard Theodore & the Fantastic Five
hip-hop, Grave Plott
hip-hop, Gravediggaz
hip-hop, GRITS
hip-hop, GS Boyz
hip-hop, Gunshot
hip-hop, Gym Class Heroes[citation needed]
hip-hop, Handsome Boy Modeling School
hip-hop, Hardnoise
hip-hop, The HBK Gang
hip-hop, Heartsdales
hip-hop, Heavy D & the Boyz
hip-hop, Heiruspecs
hip-hop, Heltah Skeltah
hip-hop, The Herd
hip-hop, Hieroglyphics
hip-hop, The High & Mighty
hip-hop, Hijack
hip-hop, Hilltop Hoods
hip-hop, Hip Hop Hood√≠os
hip-hop, Hit Squad
hip-hop, Home Brew
hip-hop, Hostyle Gospel
hip-hop, Hot Boys
hip-hop, Hotstylz
hip-hop, House of Krazees
hip-hop, House of Pain
hip-hop, The HRSMN
hip-hop, Hurby Azor
hip-hop, II Tru
hip-hop, Ill Al Skratch
hip-hop, Illegal
hip-hop, Ill Harmonics
hip-hop, Illuminati X
hip-hop, IMx
hip-hop, Infamous Mobb
hip-hop, Infinite Mass
hip-hop, INI
hip-hop, Insane Clown Posse
hip-hop, Insane Poetry
hip-hop, Intense Method
hip-hop, Invisibl Skratch Piklz
hip-hop, J J Fad
hip-hop, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League
hip-hop, Jabbawockeez
hip-hop, Jedi Mind Tricks
hip-hop, Jet Life
hip-hop, Juice Crew
hip-hop, JuJu Mob
hip-hop, Jungle Brothers
hip-hop, Junior M.A.F.I.A.
hip-hop, Jurassic 5
hip-hop, Just D
hip-hop, Justus League
hip-hop, Kaliber 44
hip-hop, Kalin and Myles
hip-hop, Kane and Abel
hip-hop, Kausion
hip-hop, Kid 'n Play
hip-hop, Kidz in the Hall
hip-hop, Killarmy
hip-hop, The KLF
hip-hop, KMD
hip-hop, The Knux
hip-hop, Kottonmouth Kings
hip-hop, Kris Kross
hip-hop, L'Trimm
hip-hop, The L.O.X.
hip-hop, LA Symphony
hip-hop, The Latin Kings
hip-hop, Latyrx
hip-hop, Lazy Mutha Fucka
hip-hop, LBC Crew
hip-hop, Leaders of the New School
hip-hop, Lifesavas
hip-hop, A Lighter Shade of Brown
hip-hop, Lil Soldiers
hip-hop, Liricas Analas
hip-hop, Little Brother
hip-hop, Live Squad
hip-hop, Living Legends
hip-hop, London Posse
hip-hop, The Lonely Island
hip-hop, Looptroop
hip-hop, Lootpack
hip-hop, Lord Tariq and Peter Gunz
hip-hop, Lords of the Underground
hip-hop, The Lost Boyz
hip-hop, The Lost Children of Babylon
hip-hop, Low Profile
hip-hop, The Lox
hip-hop, Lumberjacks
hip-hop, Luniz
hip-hop, M.O.P.
hip-hop, ¬°Mayday!
hip-hop, Machas With Attitude
hip-hop, Made Men
hip-hop, Madvillain
hip-hop, Main Source
hip-hop, Major Figgas
hip-hop, Manau
hip-hop, Mantronix
hip-hop, Marginal Prophets
hip-hop, Mars Ill
hip-hop, Massive T√∂ne
hip-hop, Masta Ace Incorporated
hip-hop, Masters of Illusion
hip-hop, Me N Ma Girls
hip-hop, MellowHype
hip-hop, Menace Clan
hip-hop, Migos
hip-hop, Minist√®re AMER
hip-hop, Mo Thugs
hip-hop, Mob Figaz
hip-hop, Mobb Deep
hip-hop, Molemen
hip-hop, Monsta Island Czars
hip-hop, Mood
hip-hop, Moorish Delta 7
hip-hop, Murat & Jose
hip-hop, MVP
hip-hop, N Dubz
hip-hop, N.W.A
hip-hop, Nappy Roots
hip-hop, Natas
hip-hop, Nationwide Rip Ridaz
hip-hop, Native Deen
hip-hop, Native Tongues
hip-hop, Naughty by Nature
hip-hop, NB Ridaz
hip-hop, The Neptunes
hip-hop, New Boyz
hip-hop, Newcleus
hip-hop, Next
hip-hop, Nice & Smooth
hip-hop, Non Phixion
hip-hop, Non-Prophets
hip-hop, Northern State
hip-hop, Northstar
hip-hop, Les Nubians
hip-hop, O.F.T.B.
hip-hop, O.G.C.
hip-hop, Oaktown's 3.5.7
hip-hop, Odd Future
hip-hop, Onyx
hip-hop, Organized Konfusion
hip-hop, Organized Rhyme
hip-hop, Orishas
hip-hop, Osdorp Posse
hip-hop, OuterSpace
hip-hop, The Outhere Brothers
hip-hop, OutKast
hip-hop, Outlawz
hip-hop, Outsidaz
hip-hop, Oxide & Neutrino
hip-hop, Oxymorrons
hip-hop, P$C
hip-hop, P-Square
hip-hop, P.A.
hip-hop, P.M. Dawn
hip-hop, Pac Div
hip-hop, The Pack
hip-hop, Paktofonika
hip-hop, Parazi≈£ii
hip-hop, Partners-N-Crime
hip-hop, Party Fun Action Committee
hip-hop, Penthouse Players Clique
hip-hop, People Under The Stairs
hip-hop, The Perceptionists
hip-hop, Pete Rock & CL Smooth
hip-hop, Pharcyde
hip-hop, Phi Life Cypher
hip-hop, Pigeon Hole
hip-hop, Playaz Circle
hip-hop, Poison Clan
hip-hop, Polyrhythm Addicts
hip-hop, Poor Righteous Teachers
hip-hop, Potluck
hip-hop, Pretty Ricky
hip-hop, Prime Suspects
hip-hop, Primer 55[citation needed]
hip-hop, Primitive Lyrics
hip-hop, Pro Era
hip-hop, Prophets of Da City
hip-hop, Proyecto Uno
hip-hop, Psycho Realm
hip-hop, Psychopathic Rydas
hip-hop, Public Enemy
hip-hop, Purple Ribbon All-Stars
hip-hop, El Pus[citation needed]
hip-hop, Quad City DJ's
hip-hop, Quo
hip-hop, Rae Sremmurd
hip-hop, The Randy Watson Experience
hip-hop, Raptori
hip-hop, Rascalz
hip-hop, Raw Fusion
hip-hop, Rebel Diaz
hip-hop, Redhead Kingpin and the F.B.I.
hip-hop, The Regime
hip-hop, The Rej3ctz
hip-hop, Rich Kidz
hip-hop, Rip Slyme
hip-hop, Road Dawgs
hip-hop, Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock
hip-hop, Rock City
hip-hop, Rodelheim Hartreim Projekt
hip-hop, Roll Deep
hip-hop, The Roots
hip-hop, Rottin Razkals
hip-hop, Ruff Ryders
hip-hop, Run the Jewels
hip-hop, Run-D.M.C.
hip-hop, Rusty Ps
hip-hop, Ruthless Rap Assassins
hip-hop, Sa√Øan Supa Crew
hip-hop, Salt-N-Pepa
hip-hop, Sans Pression
hip-hop, Scapegoat Wax
hip-hop, Screwball
hip-hop, Screwed Up Click
hip-hop, Sens Unik
hip-hop, The Sequence
hip-hop, Shabak Samech
hip-hop, Shape Shifters
hip-hop, She Rockers
hip-hop, Shop Boyz
hip-hop, Showbiz and A.G.
hip-hop, Skatterman & Snug Brim
hip-hop, The Skinny Boys
hip-hop, Skull Gang
hip-hop, Slaughterhouse
hip-hop, Slum Village
hip-hop, Smashproof
hip-hop, Smokin' Suckaz wit Logic
hip-hop, Smif N‚Äô Wessun
hip-hop, Sniper
hip-hop, Snowgoons
hip-hop, Social Deviantz
hip-hop, Soul Militia
hip-hop, Soul Assassins
hip-hop, Soul-Junk
hip-hop, Soulive
hip-hop, Souls of Mischief
hip-hop, Soulshock and Karlin[citation needed]
hip-hop, The Sound Providers
hip-hop, Source of Labor
hip-hop, South Central Cartel
hip-hop, Spooks
hip-hop, Sporty Thievz
hip-hop, St. Lunatics
hip-hop, Starflam
hip-hop, State Property
hip-hop, Steady Mobb'n
hip-hop, Stereo MCs
hip-hop, Stetsasonic
hip-hop, Strange Fruit Project
hip-hop, Strong Arm Steady
hip-hop, Styles of Beyond
hip-hop, Success-n-Effect
hip-hop, The Sugarhill Gang
hip-hop, Sunz of Man
hip-hop, Supr√™me NTM
hip-hop, Suspekt
hip-hop, Sweatshop Union
hip-hop, Sweet Sensation
hip-hop, Swollen Members
hip-hop, Tag Team
hip-hop, Task Force
hip-hop, The Team
hip-hop, Tefla and Jaleel
hip-hop, Teriyaki Boyz
hip-hop, Terror Squad
hip-hop, Tha Alkaholiks
hip-hop, Tha Blue Herb
hip-hop, Tha Dogg Pound
hip-hop, Tha Mexakinz
hip-hop, The Dey
hip-hop, Themselves
hip-hop, Theodore Unit
hip-hop, Three 6 Mafia
hip-hop, Three Times Dope
hip-hop, Thug Life
hip-hop, Timbaland & Magoo
hip-hop, Timex Social Club[citation needed]
hip-hop, Timeflies
hip-hop, TLC
hip-hop, Trackmasters
hip-hop, Travail[citation needed]
hip-hop, Travis Porter
hip-hop, Treacherous Three
hip-hop, A Tribe Called Quest
hip-hop, Trillionaire$
hip-hop, Trillville
hip-hop, Triple C's
hip-hop, TRU
hip-hop, TTC
hip-hop, Tuff Crew
hip-hop, Twenty One Pilots
hip-hop, Twinz
hip-hop, Twiztid
hip-hop, Two-9
hip-hop, TZU
hip-hop, UGK
hip-hop, Ugly Duckling
hip-hop, Ultramagnetic MCs
hip-hop, The U.M.C.'s
hip-hop, U.N.
hip-hop, The Underachievers
hip-hop, U.N.L.V.
hip-hop, US3
hip-hop, U.S.D.A
hip-hop, UTFO
hip-hop, UTP
hip-hop, Violadores del Verso
hip-hop, The Visionaries
hip-hop, Warp 9
hip-hop, We Are Toonz
hip-hop, The Weathermen
hip-hop, Wee Papa Girl Rappers
hip-hop, Westside Connection
hip-hop, Who See
hip-hop, Whodini
hip-hop, The Whooliganz
hip-hop, Wisemen
hip-hop, Wreckx-n-Effect
hip-hop, World Class Wreckin' Cru
hip-hop, Wu-Tang Clan
hip-hop, X-Clan
hip-hop, The X-Ecutioners
hip-hop, X Plastaz
hip-hop, Y?N-Vee
hip-hop, Yaggfu Front
hip-hop, Ying Yang Twins
hip-hop, YoungBloodZ
hip-hop, Young Gunz
hip-hop, Young Paperboyz
hip-hop, Young Soldierz
hip-hop, Zion I
r-and-b, 0-9
r-and-b, 1 Of The Girls
r-and-b, 112
r-and-b, 2nd Nature
r-and-b, 3rd Storee
r-and-b, 3LW
r-and-b, 3T
r-and-b, 4 P.M.
r-and-b, 702
r-and-b, 7669
r-and-b, 98 Degrees
r-and-b, Aaliyah
r-and-b, Adele
r-and-b, After 7
r-and-b, Akon
r-and-b, Al B. Sure!
r-and-b, All-4-One
r-and-b, Alexis Jordan
r-and-b, Allure
r-and-b, Aloe Blacc
r-and-b, All Saints
r-and-b, Amerie
r-and-b, Angie Stone
r-and-b, Anquette
r-and-b, Aretha Henry
r-and-b, Ashanti
r-and-b, Ashford & Simpson
r-and-b, Asia Cruise
r-and-b, Auburn
r-and-b, Avant
r-and-b, Ayushita
r-and-b, Az Yet
r-and-b, Aziatix
r-and-b, Alicia Keys
r-and-b, Another Bad Creation
r-and-b, Ariana Grande
r-and-b, Athena Cage
r-and-b, ATL
r-and-b, Auburn
r-and-b, August Alsina
r-and-b, Aundrea Fimbres
r-and-b, Alex Clare
r-and-b, Bohemia
r-and-b, Beyonce
r-and-b, Blu Cantrell
r-and-b, B2K
r-and-b, B5
r-and-b, Blackstreet
r-and-b, Backstreet Boys
r-and-b, Bell Biv DeVoe
r-and-b, Boyz II Men
r-and-b, Blue Magic
r-and-b, Babyface
r-and-b, Before Dark
r-and-b, Black Buddafly
r-and-b, Blaque
r-and-b, BoA
r-and-b, Brandy
r-and-b, Brian Culbertson
r-and-b, Bobby Brown
r-and-b, Brownstone
r-and-b, Brick
r-and-b, Bruno Mars
r-and-b, Brutha
r-and-b, Bryson Tiller
r-and-b, Chris Brown
r-and-b, Cameo
r-and-b, Tisha Campbell-Martin
r-and-b, Clyde Carson
r-and-b, Case
r-and-b, Cassie
r-and-b, Changing Faces
r-and-b, Charice
r-and-b, Cher Lloyd
r-and-b, Cherish
r-and-b, Cheri Dennis
r-and-b, Cherrelle
r-and-b, Cheryl Lynn
r-and-b, Chic
r-and-b, Christion
r-and-b, Ciara
r-and-b, Cinta Laura
r-and-b, Cleopatra
r-and-b, Coco Jones
r-and-b, Cody Chesnutt
r-and-b, Coko
r-and-b, Colonel Abrams
r-and-b, Coming Of Age
r-and-b, Club Nouveau
r-and-b, China Anne McClain
r-and-b, Cheryl Cole
r-and-b, Color Me Badd
r-and-b, Con Funk Shun
r-and-b, D'Angelo
r-and-b, Damage
r-and-b, Damian Dame
r-and-b, Dazz Band
r-and-b, Danity Kane
r-and-b, Danny Fernandes
r-and-b, Davina
r-and-b, Day26
r-and-b, DeBarge
r-and-b, Deepside
r-and-b, Destiny's Child
r-and-b, Dewi Sandra
r-and-b, Divine
r-and-b, Divine Brown
r-and-b, Dondria
r-and-b, Drake
r-and-b, Dream
r-and-b, DRS
r-and-b, Dwele
r-and-b, Eamon
r-and-b, Electrik Red
r-and-b, Elusion
r-and-b, Enchantment
r-and-b, Entouch
r-and-b, En Vogue
r-and-b, Estelle
r-and-b, Elise Estrada
r-and-b, Eternal
r-and-b, Emeli Sand√©
r-and-b, Evelyn King
r-and-b, Ex Girlfriend
r-and-b, EXO
r-and-b, Exile
r-and-b, Fantasia
r-and-b, Faith Evans
r-and-b, Fergie
r-and-b, Fifth Harmony
r-and-b, FKA Twigs
r-and-b, FLAME
r-and-b, Floetry
r-and-b, Force MDs
r-and-b, Frankie J
r-and-b, Farrah Franklin
r-and-b, Full Force
r-and-b, Fun-Da-Mental
r-and-b, Frank Ocean
r-and-b, G.NA
r-and-b, Gem Tang
r-and-b, Rosie Gaines
r-and-b, Gerrell Gaddis
r-and-b, Ginuwine
r-and-b, Girlicious
r-and-b, Git Fresh
r-and-b, Glenn Lewis
r-and-b, Goapele
r-and-b, Governor
r-and-b, Gwen Guthrie
r-and-b, Guy
r-and-b, Gnash
r-and-b, H-Town
r-and-b, Aaron Hall
r-and-b, Damion Hall
r-and-b, Hadise
r-and-b, Ayumi Hamasaki
r-and-b, Anthony Hamilton
r-and-b, Kalenna Harper
r-and-b, Jonn Hart
r-and-b, Lalah Hathaway
r-and-b, Screamin' Jay Hawkins
r-and-b, Heather Headley
r-and-b, Heatwave
r-and-b, Hi-Five
r-and-b, City High
r-and-b, Dru Hill
r-and-b, Lauryn Hill
r-and-b, Keri Hilson
r-and-b, J. Holiday
r-and-b, Jennifer Holliday
r-and-b, Dave Hollister
r-and-b, Ron Holloway
r-and-b, A Taste of Honey
r-and-b, Honeyz
r-and-b, Houston
r-and-b, Marques Houston
r-and-b, Whitney Houston
r-and-b, Adina Howard
r-and-b, Miki Howard
r-and-b, Vanessa Hudgens
r-and-b, Jennifer Hudson
r-and-b, R. L. Huggar
r-and-b, Rochelle Humes "Wiseman"
r-and-b, Van Hunt
r-and-b, Phyllis Hyman
r-and-b, Stevie Hoang
r-and-b, Ideal
r-and-b, II D Extreme
r-and-b, Imajin
r-and-b, IMx
r-and-b, India.Arie
r-and-b, Intro
r-and-b, Jhen√© Aiko
r-and-b, Jada
r-and-b, Jaden Smith
r-and-b, Jamelia
r-and-b, Jamiroquai
r-and-b, Etta James
r-and-b, Jana Mashonee
r-and-b, Japollonia
r-and-b, Jaguar Wright
r-and-b, Jay Chou
r-and-b, Jay Park
r-and-b, Jay Sean
r-and-b, JRDN
r-and-b, J. Holiday
r-and-b, Daron Jones
r-and-b, Freddie Jackson
r-and-b, Janet Jackson
r-and-b, Jermaine Jackson
r-and-b, Tito Jackson
r-and-b, Jackie Jackson
r-and-b, Marlon Jackson
r-and-b, Randy Jackson
r-and-b, Michael Jackson
r-and-b, Trevor Jackson
r-and-b, Jade
r-and-b, Samantha Jade
r-and-b, Jagged Edge
r-and-b, Jaheim
r-and-b, Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam
r-and-b, Leela James
r-and-b, Luke James
r-and-b, Rick James
r-and-b, Miles Jaye
r-and-b, Dear Jayne
r-and-b, Lyfe Jennings
r-and-b, Jeremih
r-and-b, Jesse Powell
r-and-b, Jessie J
r-and-b, The Jets
r-and-b, Jewell
r-and-b, JLS
r-and-b, Joan Elizabeth Osborne
r-and-b, Jodeci
r-and-b, Joe
r-and-b, Kim Johnson
r-and-b, Mr. Johnson
r-and-b, Syl Johnson
r-and-b, Syleena Johnson
r-and-b, The Jones Girls
r-and-b, Kim Jonghyun
r-and-b, Joi
r-and-b, JoJo
r-and-b, Jomanda
r-and-b, K'Jon
r-and-b, Jon B.
r-and-b, Jonell
r-and-b, Joe Jonas
r-and-b, Donell Jones
r-and-b, Glenn Jones
r-and-b, Grace Jones
r-and-b, Oran "Juice" Jones
r-and-b, Quincy Jones
r-and-b, Shae Jones
r-and-b, Miss Jones
r-and-b, Alexis Jordan
r-and-b, Louis Jordan
r-and-b, Montell Jordan
r-and-b, Joya
r-and-b, Imran Knan
r-and-b, Arika Kane
r-and-b, Danity Kane
r-and-b, Kai
r-and-b, Kashif
r-and-b, Miliyah Kato
r-and-b, Crystal Kay
r-and-b, Kehlani
r-and-b, Kelis
r-and-b, Bridget Kelly
r-and-b, Claude Kelly
r-and-b, R. Kelly
r-and-b, Tynisha Keli
r-and-b, Johnny Kemp
r-and-b, Kem
r-and-b, Lo-Key?
r-and-b, Alicia Keys
r-and-b, Chaka Khan
r-and-b, K.P. & Envyi
r-and-b, Khalil
r-and-b, Gladys Knight & the Pips
r-and-b, Donnie Klang
r-and-b, Klymaxx
r-and-b, K'Jon
r-and-b, Kindred the Family Soul
r-and-b, Koda Kumi
r-and-b, Kieran
r-and-b, K-Ci & JoJo
r-and-b, Kut Klose
r-and-b, Keri Hilson
r-and-b, Kevon Edmonds
r-and-b, Keith Washington
r-and-b, Leah LaBelle
r-and-b, Labelle
r-and-b, Patti LaBelle
r-and-b, Amel Larrieux
r-and-b, Jacob Latimore
r-and-b, Kenny Lattimore
r-and-b, Stacy Lattisaw
r-and-b, Latif
r-and-b, Ledisi
r-and-b, John Legend
r-and-b, Lemar
r-and-b, Ryan Leslie
r-and-b, LeVert
r-and-b, Gerald Levert
r-and-b, Sean Levert
r-and-b, Glenn Lewis
r-and-b, Leona Lewis
r-and-b, Little Mix
r-and-b, Lloyd
r-and-b, L.T.D.
r-and-b, LaToya London
r-and-b, Loose Ends
r-and-b, Trey Lorenz
r-and-b, Jennifer Lopez
r-and-b, Rico Love
r-and-b, Love and Sas
r-and-b, LovHer
r-and-b, LSG
r-and-b, LeToya Luckett
r-and-b, Lucy Pearl
r-and-b, Cheryl Lynn
r-and-b, Lyric
r-and-b, The Mac Band
r-and-b, Madcon
r-and-b, Maher Zain
r-and-b, Maejor Ali
r-and-b, Emi Maria
r-and-b, Teairra Mari
r-and-b, Mark Morrison
r-and-b, Mario
r-and-b, Marques Houston
r-and-b, Mary Jane Girls
r-and-b, Mary Mary
r-and-b, Mashonda
r-and-b, Mateo
r-and-b, Jessica Mauboy
r-and-b, Maysa Leak
r-and-b, May J.
r-and-b, K.Michelle
r-and-b, Medina
r-and-b, Men at Large
r-and-b, Mica Paris
r-and-b, Mike Posner
r-and-b, Mila J
r-and-b, Misia
r-and-b, Willie Max
r-and-b, Maxwell
r-and-b, Maze
r-and-b, Jesse McCartney
r-and-b, Edna McGriff
r-and-b, Kevin McHale
r-and-b, Brian McKnight
r-and-b, Mindless Behavior
r-and-b, Zena McNally
r-and-b, K. Michelle
r-and-b, Michel'le
r-and-b, Chrisette Michele
r-and-b, Miguel
r-and-b, Christina Milian
r-and-b, Cymphonique Miller
r-and-b, Milira
r-and-b, Stephanie Mills
r-and-b, Daichi Miura
r-and-b, Little Mix
r-and-b, Mint Condition
r-and-b, Missez
r-and-b, Mishon
r-and-b, Missy Elliott
r-and-b, Mista
r-and-b, Mis-Teeq
r-and-b, Mtume
r-and-b, Mokenstef
r-and-b, Momoiro Clover Z
r-and-b, Janelle Mon√°e
r-and-b, Mona Lisa
r-and-b, Monica
r-and-b, Monifah
r-and-b, Morris Day
r-and-b, Lil' Mo
r-and-b, Chant√© Moore
r-and-b, Meli'sa Morgan
r-and-b, PJ Morton
r-and-b, Rene Moore
r-and-b, Tina Moore
r-and-b, Teedra Moses
r-and-b, Samantha Mumba
r-and-b, Musiq Soulchild
r-and-b, M√Ωa
r-and-b, Mika Nakashima
r-and-b, Nasri
r-and-b, Natalie
r-and-b, Natasha
r-and-b, Nate Dogg
r-and-b, Naturi Naughton
r-and-b, Ne-Yo
r-and-b, Nephu
r-and-b, New Birth
r-and-b, New Edition
r-and-b, New Kids on the Block
r-and-b, Next
r-and-b, Nicole Wray
r-and-b, Nikolai Noskov
r-and-b, Kana Nishino
r-and-b, Asia Nitollano
r-and-b, Nivea
r-and-b, Julia Nixon
r-and-b, Nelly
r-and-b, Brandy Norwood
r-and-b, Les Nubians
r-and-b, Nuttin' Nyce
r-and-b, Nu Shooz
r-and-b, N Sync
r-and-b, N-Toon
r-and-b, Nyusha
r-and-b, George Nozuka
r-and-b, Justin Nozuka
r-and-b, Obiwon
r-and-b, O'Bryan
r-and-b, The O'Jays
r-and-b, Billy Ocean
r-and-b, Frank Ocean
r-and-b, Aubrey O'Day
r-and-b, Ohio Players
r-and-b, One Chance
r-and-b, Rita Ora
r-and-b, Wild Orchid
r-and-b, Jeannie Ortega
r-and-b, Claudette Ortiz
r-and-b, Olivia
r-and-b, Olly Alexander
r-and-b, OMG Girlz
r-and-b, Omarion
r-and-b, Omawumi
r-and-b, O'Ryan
r-and-b, Alexander O'Neal
r-and-b, Jeffrey Osborne
r-and-b, Ol' Skool
r-and-b, Out of Eden
r-and-b, Outlandish
r-and-b, Lena Park
r-and-b, PartyNextDoor
r-and-b, Karina Pasian
r-and-b, Paulini
r-and-b, Pebbles
r-and-b, Teddy Pendergrass
r-and-b, CeCe Peniston
r-and-b, Amanda Perez
r-and-b, P!nk
r-and-b, Phyllis Nelson
r-and-b, PM Dawn
r-and-b, Pixie Lott
r-and-b, Pleasure P
r-and-b, So Plush
r-and-b, Pointer Sisters
r-and-b, Portrait
r-and-b, Rahsaan Patterson
r-and-b, Jesse Powell
r-and-b, Pretty Ricky
r-and-b, Kelly Price
r-and-b, Lloyd Price
r-and-b, Prince
r-and-b, Profyle
r-and-b, Public Announcement
r-and-b, Joe Public
r-and-b, Pure Soul
r-and-b, The Pussycat Dolls
r-and-b, Raab
r-and-b, Corinne Bailey Rae
r-and-b, Lou Rawls
r-and-b, Ray J
r-and-b, Rayven Justice
r-and-b, R.L.
r-and-b, Corinne Bailey Rae
r-and-b, RaVaughn
r-and-b, Raven-Symon√©
r-and-b, Ready for the World
r-and-b, Rene and Angela
r-and-b, Rene Moore
r-and-b, Jeff Redd
r-and-b, Otis Redding
r-and-b, Natina Reed
r-and-b, RichGirl
r-and-b, Ricco Barrino
r-and-b, Rico Love
r-and-b, Calvin Richardson
r-and-b, Dawn Richard
r-and-b, Nikki & Rich
r-and-b, Lionel Richie
r-and-b, Riff
r-and-b, Rihanna
r-and-b, Minnie Riperton
r-and-b, Eric Roberson
r-and-b, LaTavia Roberson
r-and-b, Robin S
r-and-b, Smokey Robinson
r-and-b, Sylvia Robinson
r-and-b, Vicki Sue Robinson
r-and-b, Megan Rochell
r-and-b, Rockwell
r-and-b, Carmen Rodgers
r-and-b, Rome
r-and-b, Diana Ross
r-and-b, Rossa
r-and-b, Lil Rounds
r-and-b, Kelly Rowland
r-and-b, The Rude Boys
r-and-b, Patrice Rushen
r-and-b, Raphael Saadiq
r-and-b, Sabi
r-and-b, Sade
r-and-b, Sa-Deuce
r-and-b, Sam & Dave
r-and-b, Sammie
r-and-b, Samuelle
r-and-b, Uncle Sam
r-and-b, Ilya Salmanzadeh
r-and-b, Sam Salter
r-and-b, Jessica Sanchez
r-and-b, Emeli Sand√©
r-and-b, Frankie Sandford
r-and-b, Chantay Savage
r-and-b, Harvey Scales
r-and-b, Nicole Scherzinger
r-and-b, Melissa Schuman
r-and-b, Jill Scott
r-and-b, Kimberly Scott
r-and-b, Tony Scott
r-and-b, Seal
r-and-b, Reggie Sears
r-and-b, Guy Sebastian
r-and-b, Seohyun
r-and-b, Selena
r-and-b, Seungri
r-and-b, Shai
r-and-b, Shalamar
r-and-b, Shanice
r-and-b, Shannon
r-and-b, Shannon Bex
r-and-b, Shareefa
r-and-b, Sharissa
r-and-b, Sheila E.
r-and-b, Shila Amzah
r-and-b, SHINee
r-and-b, Shirley & Lee
r-and-b, Shontelle
r-and-b, Shota Shimizu
r-and-b, Simbi Khali
r-and-b, Smooth
r-and-b, Drew Sidora
r-and-b, Silk
r-and-b, Troye Sivan
r-and-b, Jessica Simpson
r-and-b, Nina Sky
r-and-b, Lorenzo Smith
r-and-b, Sy Smith
r-and-b, Willow Smith
r-and-b, Sisq√≥
r-and-b, McClain Sisters
r-and-b, Sister Sledge
r-and-b, Sister Wynona Carr
r-and-b, Sly & the Family Stone
r-and-b, Will Smith
r-and-b, Solange
r-and-b, Solo
r-and-b, Slim
r-and-b, Trey Songz
r-and-b, Somethin' for the People
r-and-b, Sons of Funk
r-and-b, Soul for Real
r-and-b, Musiq Soulchild
r-and-b, Soul II Soul
r-and-b, Skyy
r-and-b, Trey Songz
r-and-b, The SOS Band
r-and-b, Sounds of Blackness
r-and-b, Bobby Sowell
r-and-b, Jordin Sparks
r-and-b, Sparkle
r-and-b, The Spaniels
r-and-b, Sam Sparro
r-and-b, Tracie Spencer
r-and-b, Dusty Springfield
r-and-b, Lisa Stansfield
r-and-b, The Staple Singers
r-and-b, Atlantic Starr
r-and-b, Five Star
r-and-b, Midnight Star
r-and-b, Starpoint
r-and-b, Starshell
r-and-b, Candi Staton
r-and-b, Amii Stewart
r-and-b, Dani Stevenson
r-and-b, Sterling Simms
r-and-b, Angie Stone
r-and-b, Joss Stone
r-and-b, Sevyn Streeter
r-and-b, Ruben Studdard
r-and-b, The Stylistics
r-and-b, Allen Su
r-and-b, Subway
r-and-b, Jazmine Sullivan
r-and-b, Donna Summer
r-and-b, Sun (R&B band)
r-and-b, The Supremes
r-and-b, Surface
r-and-b, Keith Sweat
r-and-b, SWV
r-and-b, Sweetback
r-and-b, Stacy
r-and-b, Sybil
r-and-b, Sylvia Striplin
r-and-b, Avery Storm
r-and-b, Sugababes
r-and-b, Rhythm Syndicate
r-and-b, T-Pain
r-and-b, Tank
r-and-b, Taeyang
r-and-b, Taeyeon
r-and-b, Tamar Braxton
r-and-b, David Tao
r-and-b, Taurus
r-and-b, TeeFlii
r-and-b, The Temprees
r-and-b, Carl Thomas
r-and-b, Tinashe
r-and-b, Tony Terry
r-and-b, Groove Theory
r-and-b, Voices of Theory
r-and-b, Robin Thicke
r-and-b, Carl Thomas
r-and-b, Rufus Thomas
r-and-b, Tiara Thomas
r-and-b, Gina Thompson
r-and-b, Tony Thompson
r-and-b, Teena Marie
r-and-b, Abel Tesfaye
r-and-b, Reel Tight
r-and-b, Bryson Tiller
r-and-b, Justin Timberlake
r-and-b, TLC
r-and-b, TGT
r-and-b, Today
r-and-b, Tom Gurl Four
r-and-b, Tommy & The Tom Toms
r-and-b, Toni Braxton
r-and-b, Tony! Toni! Ton√©!
r-and-b, Tony Rich Project
r-and-b, TQ
r-and-b, Total
r-and-b, Allen Toussaint
r-and-b, The Treniers
r-and-b, Ralph Tresvant
r-and-b, Trina Broussard
r-and-b, Trin-i-tee 5:7
r-and-b, Troop
r-and-b, Truth Hurts
r-and-b, Big Joe Turner
r-and-b, Ike Turner
r-and-b, Kreesha Turner
r-and-b, Tina Turner
r-and-b, Tyra Bolling
r-and-b, Tyrese Gibson
r-and-b, Tweet
r-and-b, Toya
r-and-b, Tha' Rayne
r-and-b, Tori Kelly
r-and-b, U.N.V.
r-and-b, Urban Mystic
r-and-b, Usher
r-and-b, Utada Hikaru
r-and-b, Me-2-U
r-and-b, N II U
r-and-b, Vanity 6
r-and-b, Vanity
r-and-b, Brooke Valentine
r-and-b, Bobby V
r-and-b, L.V.
r-and-b, Luther Vandross
r-and-b, Elle Varner
r-and-b, Countess Vaughn
r-and-b, Mario Vazquez
r-and-b, Tiffany Villarreal
r-and-b, Jasmine Villegas
r-and-b, Men of Vizion
r-and-b, Voices
r-and-b, Leehom Wang
r-and-b, War
r-and-b, Anita Ward
r-and-b, Billy Ward
r-and-b, Jessie Ware
r-and-b, Dionne Warwick
r-and-b, Keith Washington
r-and-b, Jody Watley
r-and-b, Johnny "Guitar" Watson
r-and-b, Jason Weaver
r-and-b, The Weeknd
r-and-b, Mary Wells
r-and-b, Caron Wheeler
r-and-b, Wheesung
r-and-b, Whistle
r-and-b, McFadden & Whitehead
r-and-b, Whitehead Bros.
r-and-b, The Whispers
r-and-b, Barry White
r-and-b, Karyn White
r-and-b, Vanessa White
r-and-b, Eugene Wilde
r-and-b, Tristan Wilds
r-and-b, Andre Williams
r-and-b, Alyson Williams
r-and-b, Brandi Williams
r-and-b, Christopher Williams
r-and-b, Deniece Williams
r-and-b, Emily Williams
r-and-b, Kiely Williams
r-and-b, Lenny Williams
r-and-b, Michelle Williams
r-and-b, Pharrell Williams
r-and-b, Vanessa Williams
r-and-b, Vesta Williams
r-and-b, Chuck Willis
r-and-b, Will Pan
r-and-b, Willie Taylor
r-and-b, Charlie Wilson
r-and-b, Jackie Wilson
r-and-b, Winans family
r-and-b, BeBe Winans
r-and-b, CeCe Winans
r-and-b, Mario Winans
r-and-b, Angela Winbush
r-and-b, Nancy Wilson
r-and-b, X-Quisite
r-and-b, Xscape
r-and-b, X Clan
r-and-b, Ericka Yancey
r-and-b, Yarbrough and Peoples
r-and-b, Yasmeen
r-and-b, Roy Yeager
r-and-b, Yummy Bingham
r-and-b, Y?N-Vee
r-and-b, Yuna
r-and-b, Zakiya
r-and-b, Zapp
r-and-b, Zendaya
r-and-b, Zhane
r-and-b, Z.Z. Hill
r-and-b, Zion.T
r-and-b, Zayn Malik
